and it was all guys that is like
are and are all welcome
again today we are guys
back and today a video
merely informative only for
tell them a little about the
activity that we will have for what is
this February with respect to what is
plants against zombies to edgard in
nurseries that guys already to almost a year
of the release of this game is still
keeps pretty active you still have
Well go to the players with that desire
of obviously therefore be doing
items to keep them with that interest
to a certain extent then go with with
I want to continue playing it and it's that I
I think they've always been worried about
the news now certain details that
obviously make the game well in your
moment is going back then a little
more attractive that you again give
enhance and encourage the players to be
every day there and good guys how is
and we are going to talk about the
challenges that we have for the month of
February and ojito because I do not know very well
why all this happens but good almost
always the challenge that we have of each
month for
the end or for the final week ends
being the challenge of week 1
of the month that follows I'm not sure what it is
what happens but I think the weeks
On top of it, the days do not come together or
ends each month dividing the month
of the one that follows and so so for the
first the first week or the challenge
number one of the month of February guys
let's have what is the same challenge
that supposedly was planned as
that of week number four for January
which we know enough already did
a video these days and that consists
basically making the pringue and good
in providing as many zombies
possible I remember them very quickly 8
millions of priveados to receive a
crazy envelope and 16 million
Printed to receive a sachet
ultra weird so that's what we have
for week number 1 plus ojito
I was also forgetting about a list
of play for a limited time that
likewise we already find in
what is the multiplayer let's go from the
week number 2 and in this we are going to have
something which will be based on
consumables ojito because it's a
consumable which came out in it
If I'm not mistaken , which is this?
zombie that can heal your companions
obviously nothing more if you are from the side of
the zombies which is a consumable that
as soon as we send it out call with
a little flag and with one of these
they generate life that the scientists bring
on his back and he goes running around
the map and it's healing the people who are
finds on the road so it's going to
basically based on this not on trying
that with these consumables
we want to a certain amount the first the
first manasé amount of 700 thousand
heals obviously with this through
consumable nothing else comes out to receive a
rare envelope and one million 400 thousand
cures to receive a sachet
ultra weird this is going to start in the
second week of February and it's going to
finish until the 19th to the 19th of
February okay guys the third week and
almost ending and the month is going to
consist of something very similar in fact
I did not find much differences
differences or whatever you say to it
what are these two challenges but
really now that I'm thinking
all right
the first one is going to base the consumable
that I already told you in this zombie that
we can go call it out of the
earth and he looks week number 3 goes
to consist in that the doctors
characters that are medical either a
sunflower or whatever they are the
scientists heal covered by what
that are your skills to 700,000
colleagues to receive a sachet
rare and 1,400,000 to receive a
ultra rare envelope is something very similar
only that the first one has to
perform using the zombie consumable and
the second using the skills already
be it from the sunflowers of the bank of
plants or scientists from the side
of the zombies but good now yes
reaching the end of the month guys
or hit because here they almost do not tell us anything
and here it leaves us with enough to the
imagination and that is what from the
start already a year almost launch
good game because apparently do
that a surprise a surprise which goes
to be preparing popcap people
for us and is that yes yes at the end
of this month announce
announces that it is the game's birthday
the anniversary of the game so maybe
there are surprises there then something more for
there for us and such that attentive
that maybe at the end of this month
come things pretty parents come
some surprise I do not know yet I'm
speculating a lot about what is it
that can bring us but that is going to
have something to celebrate then this
anniversary of this great game yes that what
there's going to be so guys I'd like
let me in the comments
any detail that you know
about this if they have seen out there
filtered information if any one knows
some detail that you would like
share it with us leave in the
comments
also if it has been to your liking this
video of a like you share with your
friends
pass the information phase in the video and
others and nothing I meanwhile
dismissal I send greetings to all and
each of you and remember that the
I'll be watching until in a next video
See you later and
goodbye